Updated .github/workflows/README.md (#2076)
lf-lang/lingua-franca: .github/workflows/README.md

# Lingua Franca workflows

## Continuous Integration

> The main two CI configurations can be found in [all-misc.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/all-misc.yml) and [all-targets.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/all-targets.yml). The [all-misc.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/all-misc.yml) does the non-target specific tests, and [all-targets.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/all-targets.yml) does the target specific tests. They get triggered by pushes to `master` and by pushes to branches involved in an open pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main two CI configurations can be found in [all-misc.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/all-misc.yml) and [all-targets.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/all-targets.yml). The [all-misc.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/all-misc.yml) workflow runs the non-target specific tests, and [all-targets.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/all-targets.yml) workflow runs the target specific tests. They get triggered by pushes to `master` and by pushes to branches involved in an open pull request.
```

> **NOTE: [all-misc.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/all-misc.yml) and [all-targets.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/all-targets.yml) references these workflows with respect to master. If you edit a workflow and want your changes reflected in the CI run for your pull request, then make sure that the workflow of your feature branch gets invoked instead of the one on master.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is actually no longer true. The workflows are referenced locally, not using `@ref`. So if you have a feature branch, it will run whatever workflow is local to that branch. This change was implemented by @petervdonovan and makes things a lot easier to deal with.
